Exporting Your Web App to a Mobile App
This guide provides a general overview of how to turn your HTML, CSS, and JavaScript website into a native mobile app for iOS and Android using two popular frameworks: Capacitor and Cordova.

Prerequisites
Before you start, make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

Node.js and npm: Required to run the command-line tools for both frameworks.

iOS/Android Development Environments: For iOS, you need a Mac with Xcode. For Android, you need Android Studio. These tools are necessary to build and run the native projects.

Method 1: Using Capacitor
Capacitor is the newer, more modern framework that integrates with native projects. It's built by the Ionic team.

Step 1: Install the Capacitor CLI
Open your terminal and install the Capacitor command-line interface globally.

npm install -g @capacitor/cli

Step 2: Initialize Capacitor in Your Project
Navigate to the root directory of your project (where your index.html file is located) and run the initialization command.

npx cap init

This command will guide you through setting up your app's name and package ID (e.g., com.yourcompany.yourapp).

Step 3: Create a www folder
Capacitor expects your web content to be in a build folder. Create a new folder named www in your project's root directory and move your index.html file and any other assets (like images or CSS files) into it.

Step 4: Add the Platforms
Now, add the native platforms you want to target.

For Android:

npm install @capacitor/android
npx cap add android

For iOS:

npm install @capacitor/ios
npx cap add ios

Step 5: Sync Your Web Assets
This command copies your web files from the www folder into the native project.

npx cap sync

Step 6: Open the Native Project
Open the native project in the respective IDE to build and run the app.

For Android:

npx cap open android

For iOS:

npx cap open ios

You can now use Android Studio or Xcode to run your app on a simulator or a physical device.

Method 2: Using Cordova
Cordova is the older, more established framework. The workflow is similar to Capacitor.

Step 1: Install the Cordova CLI
Install the Cordova command-line interface globally.

npm install -g cordova

Step 2: Create a Cordova Project
Create a new Cordova project, giving it a unique ID and name.

cordova create YourApp com.example.YourApp YourApp

This command creates a new directory (YourApp) with a default project structure.

Step 3: Replace the Web Content
Navigate into the newly created YourApp directory. The web content is located in the www folder. Delete the default files and copy your index.html file and other assets into this www folder.

Step 4: Add the Platforms
Add the platforms you want to build for.

For Android:

cordova platform add android

For iOS:

cordova platform add ios

Step 5: Build and Run
Build the project for your desired platforms.

For Android:

cordova build android

For iOS:

cordova build ios

Fix your npm permissions
1. Create a new directory for global packages in your home folder.
mkdir ~/.npm-global

2.Configure npm to use this new directory.
npm config set prefix '~/.npm-global'

3.Add the new directory to your system's PATH. This allows your shell to find the executables of the packages you install globally.
Open your shell's profile file (e.g., ~/.zshrc or ~/.bash_profile).

4.Add this line to the end of the file:
export PATH=~/.npm-global/bin:$PATH

Save the file and close it.

5.Reload your shell profile by running:
source ~/.zshrc
# or
source ~/.bash_profile
After following one of these options, you should be able to run npm install -g expo-cli successfully without any permission errors.
